Ready for pickup email (#12)
hotwax/oms-documentation: Journeys/Email integration/Ready for pickup email.md

# Integration guidelines for OMS and Marketing Automation Platforms: Ready for pickup email notification

## Overview

These guidelines provide detailed steps for integrating the Order Management System (OMS) with Marketing Automation Platforms to enable the automated delivery of 'Ready to Pickup' email notifications to customers. These notifications are triggered when store staff packs the ordered items in a shipment and indicate their readiness for pickup using HotWax Commerce's BOPIS fulfillment app or Fulfillment APIs.

### Step 1: Mark shipment-Ready for Pickup

> When store staff pack the order items and indicate their readiness for pickup, the `quickShipEntireShipGroup` API converts the order items into a shipment and marks them packed in the OMS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When store staff pack the order items and indicate their readiness for pickup, the `quickShipEntireShipGroup` API creates a shipment from the selected shipgroup and moves it to the "Packed" status.
```

#### Sample API Request 

```
{
  "orderId": "10037",
  "setPackedOnly": "Y",
  "dimensionUomId": "DM_cm",
  "shipmentBoxTypeId": "YOURPACKNG",
  "weight": "1",
  "weightUomId": "WT_kg",
  "shipGroupSeqId": "00001"
}
```
| Parameter              | Description                                                                                 | Required |
| ---------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------| -------- |
| `orderId`              | The unique identifier of the order.                                                         |    Yes   |

> | `setPackedOnly`        | A flag indicating if the shipment should be packed. Default value is 'Y' if not specified.  |    Yes   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `setPackedOnly`        | A flag indicating if the shipment should only be packed. If the customer is going to pickup their order at the fulfillment location, then this should be enabled to prevent the order from being marked as shipped. Default value is 'Y' if not specified.  |    Yes   |
```

| `shipmentBoxTypeId`    | The Id of the shipment box type.                                                            |    Yes   |
| `weight`               | The weight of the package.                                                                  |    Yes   |
| `weightUomId`          | The unit of measurement for weight (e.g., pounds, kilograms).                               |    Yes   |
| `shipGroupSeqId`       | The Id of the ship group sequence.                                                          |    Yes   |

#### Sample API Response

```
{
  "orderId": "10037",
  "setPackedOnly": "Y",
  "weight": "1",
  "shipmentBoxTypeId": "YOURPACKNG",
  "shipGroupSeqId": "00001",
  "shipmentId": "10140",
  "dimensionUomId": "WT_kg",
  "weightUomId": "WT_kg",
  "_EVENT_MESSAGE_": "Congratulations! Shipment #10140 is ready for pickup"
}
```
| Parameter      | Description                                |
| -------------- | ------------------------------------------ |
| `shipmentId`   | The Id of the shipment made.               |
| `_EVENT_MESSAGE_` | The message for the event performed.    |

> ### Step 2: Trigger `sendReadyToPickupItemNotification` chained event condition action

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 2: Trigger `sendReadyToPickupItemNotification` chained event condition action service
```

If this is the service them then we should be clear that this is called by the event condition action. Then below we should also mention that developers are calling this service not the eca.

When the shipment status is `packed`, the `sendReadyToPickupItemNotification` chained event condition action (ECA) is triggered to check the order type of the shipment and the configuration for sending ready-for-pickup emails.

> The order type filters `Store pickup` and `Ship to store` orders to send the email. The configuration determines the system responsible for sending the email and data required to configure email content. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The chained service works for both `Store pickup` and `Ship to store` shipments. Emails are triggered when `Store pickup` shipments are moved to packed status and `Ship to store `shipments are moved to "scheduled" status. The system responsible for sending the email and order details is configured in the following Product Store setting. 
```
